README.md, before:

# Just For Fun Projects
Mini-projects just for fun that I have developed or collaborated.

- [Spotify WraPy](https://github.com/dbetm/spotify-wrapy)

    - **Description**: Inspired by Spotify Wrapped. Generate some visualizations and calculate some stats like total play and number of different artists listened.
    - **Year**: 2022
    - ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/dbetm/spotify-wrapy?color=yellow)
-------

- [Sunset color palette generator](https://github.com/dbetm/sunset-color-palette-gen)

    - **Description**: Generate color palettes using a dataset created with public sunset photos downloaded with Twitter API.
    - **Try on it**: https://dbetm.github.io/sunset-color-palette-gen/
    - **Year**: 2022
    - ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/dbetm/sunset-color-palette-gen?color=yellow)
-------
- [Pic2Hubble](https://github.com/Wolfteinter/Pic2Hubble)

    - **Description**: This project is intended to produce images composed of 16x16 pixel thumbnails of astro-photos mostly from by Hubble Space Telescope.
    - **Try on it**: https://pic2hubble.herokuapp.com/ (by this moment the app is down)
    - **Year**: 2022
    - ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Wolfteinter/Pic2Hubble?color=yellow)
-------
- [Counting stars](https://github.com/dbetm/counting-stars)
    
    - **Description**: A simple web app for counting stars (segmenting bright units).
    - **Try on it**: https://dbetm.github.io/counting-stars/
    - **Year**: 2022
    - ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/dbetm/counting-stars?color=yellow) 
-------
- [Miller time](https://github.com/dbetm/time-miller) 

    - **Description**: Web app to know how much time has passed in Miller ocean planet since the premiere of the Interstellar movie in 2014.
     - **Try on it**: https://dbetm.github.io/time-miller/
    - **Year**: 2021
    - ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/dbetm/time-miller?color=yellow)

Commit message:

add image to melody
Minor changes:
- Update color star badge

README.md, after:

# Just For Fun Projects
Mini-projects just for fun that I have developed or collaborated.

- [Image 2 Melody ](https://github.com/dbetm/image-2-melody)

    - **Description**: Inspired by NASA's sonification projects, generates melodies from images with different approaches, it allows you to create a short musical video.
    - **Try on it**: https://dbetm-image-2-melody-web-app-eydksr.streamlit.app/
    - **Year**: 2023
    - ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/dbetm/image-2-melody?color=green)
-------

- [Spotify WraPy](https://github.com/dbetm/spotify-wrapy)

    - **Description**: Inspired by Spotify Wrapped. Generate some visualizations and calculate some stats like total play and number of different artists listened.
    - **Year**: 2022
    - ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/dbetm/spotify-wrapy?color=green)
-------

- [Sunset color palette generator](https://github.com/dbetm/sunset-color-palette-gen)

    - **Description**: Generate color palettes using a dataset created with public sunset photos downloaded with Twitter API.
    - **Try on it**: https://dbetm.github.io/sunset-color-palette-gen/
    - **Year**: 2022
    - ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/dbetm/sunset-color-palette-gen?color=green)
-------
- [Pic2Hubble](https://github.com/Wolfteinter/Pic2Hubble)

    - **Description**: This project is intended to produce images composed of 16x16 pixel thumbnails of astro-photos mostly from by Hubble Space Telescope.
    - **Try on it**: https://pic2hubble.herokuapp.com/ (by this moment the app is down)
    - **Year**: 2022
    - ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Wolfteinter/Pic2Hubble?color=green)
-------
- [Counting stars](https://github.com/dbetm/counting-stars)
    
    - **Description**: A simple web app for counting stars (segmenting bright units).
    - **Try on it**: https://dbetm.github.io/counting-stars/
    - **Year**: 2022
    - ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/dbetm/counting-stars?color=green) 
-------
- [Miller time](https://github.com/dbetm/time-miller) 

    - **Description**: Web app to know how much time has passed in Miller ocean planet since the premiere of the Interstellar movie in 2014.
     - **Try on it**: https://dbetm.github.io/time-miller/
    - **Year**: 2021
    - ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/dbetm/time-miller?color=green)
